[Docs] Add and improve new api docs (#12599)
Sylius/Sylius: docs/api/unified_api/sylius_api_paths.rst

Sylius API paths
================

All paths in new API have the same prefix structure: ``/api/v2/admin/`` or ``/api/v2/shop/``

> Part ``/api/v2`` indicates the API version and ``/admin/`` or ``/shop/`` is necessary for authorization purpose.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ``/api/v2`` prefix part indicates the API version and the ``/admin/`` or ``/shop/`` prefixes are necessary for authorization purposes.
```
